https://techcrunch.com/author/jordan-crook/
 Jordan Crook – TechCrunch   Jordan Crook Managing Editor Jordan Crook is a Managing Editor based out of Brooklyn, NY. She writes about internet culture, social networks, and consumer-facing technology. Jordan leads programming on TechCrunch’s flagship event, the world-renowned Disrupt conference. You may recognize her from her appearances hosting that event and moderating panels and fireside chats. She has written for publications such as Mobile Marketer and MobileBurn. She is now a Managing Editor at TechCrunch. You can email her at jordan@techcrunch.com. twitter crunchbase-alt The Latest from Jordan Crook BoxGroup raises its first externally backed fund to invest in seed-stage startups Oct 10, 2019 Jordan Crook BoxGroup, the seed-stage investment firm led by David Tisch, has today announced that it has raised its very first fund from limited partners. To date, BoxGroup has been internally backed, meaning tha Parsley Health nabs $26 million Series B to launch telemedicine products Oct 10, 2019 Jordan Crook Parsley Health, the NY-based service that focuses on the source of a medical issue rather than the symptoms, has today announced the close of a $26 million Series B round of funding led by White Star  Watch Disrupt SF 2019 Day 1 Live right here Oct 02, 2019 Jordan Crook It’s that time of year again. Disrupt has descended upon San Francisco, with thousands of founders, investors and technophiles pouring into the Moscone Center. We’ll kick off the day with  Rhino looks to replace renters’ security deposits with a small monthly fee Oct 01, 2019 Jordan Crook Rhino, the insurtech startup incubated by Kairos and co-founded by Kairos CEO Ankur Jain, has today announced the close of a $21 million Series A round led by Kairos and Lakestar. Rhino was founded in Original Content podcast: ‘Between Two Ferns: The Movie’ is fun but forgettable Sep 28, 2019 Anthony Ha Jordan Crook Darrell Etherington “Between Two Ferns: The Movie” is based on the comically confrontational web interview series starring Zach Galifianakis. In fact, some of us assumed that the film might be nothing more th Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator introduces 14 new startups at demo day Sep 26, 2019 Jordan Crook The Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator, based in New York, is ready to once again unveil its latest class of startups. Thus far, ERA has produced 190 startup which have raised more than $450 imllion Package Free picks up $4.5 million to scale sustainable CPG products Sep 26, 2019 Jordan Crook The climate crisis continues to be just that… a crisis. And it’s spurring people across the country (and globe) to take action, particularly when it comes to their own lifestyle. Lauren Si 100 Thieves’ Nadeshot and Scooter Braun are coming to Disrupt Sep 22, 2019 Jordan Crook If you’re at all familiar with esports, chances are you’ve heard of 100 Thieves. The esports org, founded by Matthew “Nadeshot” Haag, has grown over the past couple years into  Original Content podcast: Netflix’s ‘Terrace House’ is still the most soothing reality show around Sep 22, 2019 Anthony Ha Jordan Crook Darrell Etherington “Terrace House” (a co-production between Netflix and Fuji Television) is back, and it hasn’t changed much since we reviewed it last year. As with previous seasons, “Terrace Hou Cannabis logistics startup Wayv launches dynamic distribution platform Sep 19, 2019 Jordan Crook Supply chain logistics is a headache and a half across any industry, but the difficulty level goes way up within the world of cannabis. Because of federal laws, FedEx, UPS and USPS are not an option.  PlayVS picks up $50 million Series C to build out high school esports Sep 18, 2019 Jordan Crook PlayVS, the platform that allows high school students to compete on varsity esports teams through their school, has today announced the close of a $50 million Series C led by existing investor NEA. Ba Pax Labs’ Bharat Vasan is out as CEO Sep 17, 2019 Jordan Crook Bharat Vasan is no longer the Chief Executive Officer at Pax Labs, the consumer tech company that makes cannabis vaporizers. A source familiar with the situation said that the board of directors made  Original Content podcast: ‘The Family’ investigates a secretive evangelical group Sep 15, 2019 Anthony Ha Jordan Crook Sarah Perez “The Family” is a new documentary series on Netflix, based on the work of journalist Jeff Sharlet — whose books promise to expose “the secret fundamentalism at the heart of America Here are the iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro Sep 10, 2019 Jordan Crook Today, Apple has unveiled a new set of phones, including the iPhone 11, the iPhone 11 Pro and the iPhone 11 Pro Max. These new devices are powered by a new chip, sport new cameras and are available in Twenty and Mappen merge to help users hang out IRL Sep 10, 2019 Jordan Crook Today, social networks Twenty and Mappen are joining together in a merger under the Twenty brand. From the beginning, Twenty’s goal has been to get young people off of their phones and out in th YC-backed Brave Care raises $5 million for pediatric urgent care clinics Sep 09, 2019 Jordan Crook Brave Care, the YC-backed urgent care clinic for kids, has today announced the close of a $5 million seed round of funding. The company graduated out of the recent batch of Y Combinator companies but  Original Content podcast: Amazon’s ‘Carnival Row’ mixes fairies, politics and murder Sep 07, 2019 Anthony Ha Jordan Crook “Carnival Row” offers an unlikely mix of genres, laying out a murder mystery in a world of fairies and other mythical creatures, while also delivering a healthy dose of allegorical politic Here are this year’s Breakthrough Prize Winners Sep 05, 2019 Jordan Crook On Sunday, November 3, at the 8th annual Breakthrough Prize Awards, hundreds of scientists will win their share of $21.6 million in awards for their outstanding work in the fields of Fundamental Physi Cooks Venture picks up $12 million to rethink agriculture from the ground up Sep 05, 2019 Jordan Crook “You are what what you’re eating eats,” says Matthew Wadiak, cofounder and CEO of Cooks Venture and former Blue Apron COO. The company, which just received $12 million in funding, is Ashton Kutcher, Ann Miura-Ko and Mamoon Hamid are coming to Disrupt! Sep 04, 2019 Jordan Crook The Disrupt Battlefield is one of the best parts of the conference. Twenty+ startups step on to the Disrupt Main Stage with a product, a pitch and a dream. They have six minutes to convey how they&#82 Load More 