https://techcrunch.com/author/lucas-matney/
 Lucas Matney – TechCrunch   Lucas Matney Writer Lucas Matney is a reporter at TechCrunch and has been covering emerging technologies and startups since 2015. He lives in San Francisco and can be reached via email at lucas@techcrunch.com twitter linkedin crunchbase-alt The Latest from Lucas Matney Facebook sure does love free $peech Oct 09, 2019 Lucas Matney Ensuring politicians in the 2020 election stay truthful is hard work, so Facebook has decided it’s going to sit this one out. Joe Biden’s campaign team sent a letter to CEO Mark Zuckerberg Week in Review: Tech’s trashiest merger Oct 06, 2019 Lucas Matney Hey everyone. Thank you for welcoming me into you inbox yet again. Last week, I talked about Juul’s unraveling mission statement and the highly valued startup’s new Big Tobacco CEO. I got  Snap CEO isn’t expecting much from Facebook antitrust investigations Oct 04, 2019 Lucas Matney Facebook’s relentless feature copy of Snapchat has been seen as one of the chief examples of the company’s competitive overreach, but Snap CEO Evan Spiegel isn’t sure whether antitru Amid AR/VR experiments, Apple buys UK visual effects studio Oct 04, 2019 Lucas Matney Apple has reportedly acquired U.K. special effects studio IKinema, a startup that may be useful in Apple’s quest to bolster its mobile devices with AR special effects and in its more far-flung a Foursquare’s location-aware Pilgrim SDK gets a free tier Oct 02, 2019 Lucas Matney Ten years later, Foursquare is far past its scrappy consumer days as it builds out its B2B services, but its latest announcement is thrusting it back into the scrappy consumer business. Onstage at Tec Skydio’s second-gen ‘self-flying’ drone is faster, smaller and half the price Oct 01, 2019 Lucas Matney There weren’t many scenarios where consumer were deciding between buying the original Skydio R1 autonomous drone and something from DJI. The R1 was the second drone in your arsenal, it was a cou Verizon picks up the assets of Disney-backed VR startup Jaunt Sep 30, 2019 Lucas Matney After raising $100 million, virtual reality content startup Jaunt has been in a precarious position for a few years now. It seems like the saga has finally come to a close as the startup announced tha Week in Review: Corporate wickedness and mango Juul pods Sep 29, 2019 Lucas Matney Hey everyone. This is Week-in-Review, where I give a heavy amount of analysis and/or rambling thoughts on one story while scouring the rest of the hundreds of stories that emerged on TechCrunch this w Not all is predictable on Facebook’s social Horizon Sep 27, 2019 Lucas Matney Most of the people I spoke with at Facebook’s Oculus Connect see the proliferation of virtual reality as a foregone conclusion, one that’s just a matter of timing at this point. For Facebo Oculus CTO: ‘We missed an opportunity’ with Gear VR Sep 26, 2019 Lucas Matney At the Oculus Connect developer conference, one of the company’s veteran executives offered some insights on the end of its best-selling product. “As we move forward into the future with Q Hands-on with Oculus Link: Rift who? Sep 25, 2019 Lucas Matney Four months after its release, the Rift S is looking pretty irrelevant. My colleague Josh and I went hands-on with an early demo of Oculus Link, a feature launching in beta in November that lets Quest Oculus shows off its latest next-generation headset prototypes Sep 25, 2019 Lucas Matney At its developer conference Wednesday, Oculus showed off a pair of prototype designs for its next high-end headsets. Two years ago, Oculus showed off its Half Dome prototype, which utilized a technolo Oculus and Respawn announce a Nazi-killing VR shooter Sep 25, 2019 Lucas Matney Two years ago, Oculus announced a radical departure in how they were funding virtual reality developers. Instead of partnering with a ton of upstart teams looking to explore the medium and help fund t Facebook is building a ‘new social layer’ for Oculus headsets Sep 25, 2019 Lucas Matney Facebook spent a large amount of time at its Oculus Connect 6 keynote detailing the new links between its VR headset and the company’s core Facebook app. “Starting late this year, we will  Oculus eclipses $100 million in VR content sales Sep 25, 2019 Lucas Matney Facebook has pumped billions into virtual reality and it may be a long way from making that investment back, but it is making a little money. Onstage at Oculus Connect today, Mark Zuckerberg announced Facebook announces Oculus Link, which brings PC games to the standalone Quest headset Sep 25, 2019 Lucas Matney Oculus is going to be further blurring the lines between its standalone virtual reality headset and what it’s built on PC with a new software update in November, Mark Zuckerberg announced onstag Media metrics giant Comscore pays SEC $5 million in fraud settlement Sep 24, 2019 Lucas Matney Comscore, a company that’s performance metrics are widely touted in the media world, has settled with the SEC following charges of inflating its own metrics. The company and its former CEO Serge Stealth startup Manticore Games raises $30M to launch a game-making platform for novices Sep 24, 2019 Lucas Matney Investors are betting on gaming platforms as an area of consumer tech with plenty of room left to grow. Today, Manticore Games, a stealth gaming startup announced that it has raised $30 million in Se Facebook buys startup building neural monitoring armband Sep 23, 2019 Lucas Matney Facebook is buying CTRL-labs, a NY-based startup building an armband that translates movement and the wearer’s neural impulses into digital input signals, a company spokesperson tells TechCrunch Unity bets on cloud testing with new Simulation product Sep 23, 2019 Lucas Matney For the past several years, Unity’s valuation has ballooned alongside their public ambitions to become essential to customers beyond game developers. One of the more interesting use cases of the Load More 