https://techcrunch.com/author/romain-dillet/
 Romain Dillet – TechCrunch   Romain Dillet Senior Writer Romain Dillet is a Senior Writer at TechCrunch. Originally from France, Romain attended EMLYON Business School, a leading French business school specialized in entrepreneurship. He covers many things from mobile apps with great design to privacy, security, fintech, Apple, AI and complex tech achievements. He also speaks at major tech conferences. He likes pop culture more than anything in the world. He now lives in Paris when he’s not on the road. He used to live in New York and loved it. He owns small amounts of various cryptocurrencies. twitter linkedin crunchbase-alt The Latest from Romain Dillet Polte raises $12.5 million to track devices using LTE signal Oct 11, 2019 Romain Dillet Polte has raised another $12.5 million. The company is building a service that leverages 4G (and potentially 5G) signal to track things for commercial and industrial use cases. The main advantage is t Klarna CEO Sebastian Siemiatkowski to speak at Disrupt Berlin shortly after raising $460 million Oct 11, 2019 Romain Dillet Klarna is quietly becoming a fintech giant. Following its latest founding round, the company is now valued at $5.5 billion. That’s why I’m excited to announce that Klarna co-founder and CEO Sebast Coinbase is launching Coinbase Pro mobile app Oct 10, 2019 Romain Dillet Cryptocurrency exchange company Coinbase is launching a mobile app for its advanced users today. You can now download the Coinbase Pro mobile app on iOS — the Android version is coming soon. Coinbas GoCardless CEO Hiroki Takeuchi is coming to Disrupt Berlin Oct 10, 2019 Romain Dillet GoCardless has been around for eight years. But the company has experienced tremendous growth over the past couple of years. It now has a shot at becoming a global leader when it comes to payments via Startup studio eFounders has a portfolio valuation of $1 billion Oct 08, 2019 Romain Dillet European startup studio eFounders has shared some metrics about its portfolio companies. The startup studio has launched 23 companies with a focus on software-as-a-service enterprise products. While e And the winner of Startup Battlefield at Disrupt SF 2019 is… Render Oct 04, 2019 Romain Dillet Startups participating in the Startup Battlefield have all been hand-picked to participate in our highly competitive startup competition. They all presented in front of multiple groups of VCs and tech Greyparrot uses computer vision to improve waste management Oct 03, 2019 Romain Dillet Meet Greyparrot, a London-based startup that wants to improve waste management. The company uses computer vision to make sorting more efficient at different stages of the waste chain. And Greyparrot h StrattyX lets you buy and sell shares using automated rules Oct 03, 2019 Romain Dillet StrattyX is a trading interface that lets you set up sophisticated “if-this-then-that” rules and execute orders on the stock market. The startup is participating in the Startup Battlefield at Tech Sendmi lets you allocate part of your paycheck for remittance Oct 02, 2019 Romain Dillet Meet Sendmi, a fintech startup that is launching today in the Startup Battlefield at TechCrunch Disrupt SF. Sendmi works pretty much like a 401k or a Flexible Spending Account. But instead of saving m YouTube’s Neal Mohan describes the company’s efforts on safety and trust Oct 02, 2019 Romain Dillet YouTube Chief Product Officer Neal Mohan gave an update on all things YouTube at TechCrunch Disrupt SF. He touched on many different subjects, from YouTube Music updates to advertiser-friendly guideli Actor and HitRecord founder Joseph Gordon-Levitt says we should all get off YouTube Oct 02, 2019 Sarah Perez Romain Dillet The multi-hyphenate actor-director-entrepreneur, Joseph Gordon-Levitt (best known for roles in “3rd Rock from the Sun,” “Inception,” “Snowden” and “10 Things I Hate About You,”) came t Coinbase users will earn rewards on USDC holdings Oct 02, 2019 Romain Dillet Cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase wants to foster USDC adoption by letting you earn rewards when you keep USDC on your Coinbase account. Essentially, if you’re a U.S. customer, your Coinbase account  Impala builds a single API for the entire hotel industry Oct 02, 2019 Romain Dillet Meet Impala, a London-based startup that wants to make it easier to interact with hotel data. The startup is building a layer on top of legacy hotel systems to standardize everything with a modern RES Drivy rebrands to Getaround six months after acquisition Oct 01, 2019 Romain Dillet European peer-to-peer car rental service Drivy has a new name. It is now called Getaround, which shouldn’t surprise anyone who has been following Drivy’s recent news. Back in April, Getaround anno DataHawk provides e-commerce analytics so you can optimize your listings Oct 01, 2019 Romain Dillet Meet DataHawk, a French startup that wants to build a sort of App Annie for Amazon listings. The company lets you track products and search results so you can learn more about your competitors and you Jen Rubio to tell us the secrets behind Away’s success at Disrupt Berlin Oct 01, 2019 Romain Dillet If you’ve been to an airport recently, you’ve probably spotted a ton of iconic Away suitcases. The company has built one of the most successful consumer brands in recent years, and it’s just get Challenger bank Bunq expands to all EU countries Oct 01, 2019 Romain Dillet Fintech startup Bunq is launching in 22 additional markets today. It is now going to be available in all European Union markets as well as Norway and Iceland. Overall, users can sign up in 30 countrie Bnext raises $25 million for its mobile banking alternative Sep 30, 2019 Romain Dillet Fintech startup Bnext has raised a $25 million funding round. The Spanish company is building a banking product and has managed to attract 300,000 active users. DN Capital, Redalpine and Speedinvest a Luminance CEO Emily Foges joins us at Disrupt Berlin Sep 26, 2019 Romain Dillet Law firms have to parse thousands of pages a week to figure out if everything makes sense and there’s no anomalies. Luminance wants to make that work much less tedious by using artificial intelligen BlaBlaCar to acquire online bus ticketing platform Busfor Sep 24, 2019 Romain Dillet BlaBlaCar, the marketplace that matches people for long-distance ridesharing between cities, has announced plans to acquire Busfor, the leading bus ticketing platform in Russia and Ukraine. “This is Load More 