https://techcrunch.com/author/greg-kumparak/
 Greg Kumparak – TechCrunch   Greg Kumparak Editor Greg Kumparak is an editor at TechCrunch. Greg started at TechCrunch in May of 2008. He led TechCrunch’s sister site MobileCrunch as editor until AOL acquired the company in 2010, at which point the editors of TechCrunch’s four main sites (TechCrunch, CrunchGear, MobileCrunch, TechCrunch UK) merged the sites under one domain. Best known for his gadget coverage, Kumparak has broken hundreds of stories within the space — unearthing details on everything from abandoned Samsung smartphone prototypes to new Apple devices. He’s also one of the Internet’s most prolific “live bloggers”, having reported from the scene at dozens of international events for live audiences in the hundreds of thousands. He was one of the earliest writers to highlight and report on a number of companies that have since become “unicorns” (reaching a valuation of $1B or more), including Zenefits and Twilio. Kumparak is a frequent guest on TechCrunch’s Gadget, Apple, and Android podcasts, and often appears on stage as an interviewer or judge at TechCrunch’s meetups and Disrupt conferences. In 2012, Greg was featured on the BBC, Wired, Mashable, Engadget and many other outlets for a side project he called the “tARdis”, or the Augmented Reality TARDIS. By combining augmented reality with a handmade physical model, Greg was able to replicate the otherwise physically impossible “bigger on the inside” visual effect that commonly appears on television’s Doctor Who series. twitter crunchbase-alt The Latest from Greg Kumparak EBay, Stripe and Mastercard drop out of Facebook’s Libra Association Oct 11, 2019 Greg Kumparak Oof — a week after PayPal announced plans to part ways with Facebook’s Libra cryptocurrency project and the related association of the same name, three more names are reportedly breaking away: Steam will soon let you play local-only multiplayer games with far off friends Oct 10, 2019 Greg Kumparak Co-op video games are wonderful. Alas, it’s not always possible to get everyone in front of the same TV — and not all co-op games have online play, so playing across the internet is out. With  Avalow wants to be your gardening coach Oct 03, 2019 Greg Kumparak What’s the opposite of a green thumb? Whatever it is, I have that. My house and yard are full of succulents not because they’re trendy, but because anything else I try to plant dies within Delos uses satellite imagery and AI to help homeowners in wildfire areas get insurance Oct 02, 2019 Greg Kumparak If your home is in a wildfire area, insurance companies tend to not want to go anywhere near it. But “wildfire areas” tend to be pretty broad. What if companies could evaluate the risk on  These are the top Y Combinator companies of all time, based on valuation Oct 02, 2019 Greg Kumparak In October of 2018, Y Combinator published a mega list of the top 101 companies to have gone through the accelerator, as sorted by each company’s valuation. This morning they updated the list. V Rune raises $2M to help you find new friends in mobile games, starting with Brawl Stars Oct 02, 2019 Greg Kumparak Multiplayer games are more fun when you get to play with the same crew regularly. Playing with the same people means better cooperation, deeper strategies and, if all goes well, more wins. But what if Cloosiv raises $1M to bring mobile ordering to every coffee shop Oct 01, 2019 Greg Kumparak   A few months back we took a look at Cloosiv, a company aiming to provide smaller coffee shops a mobile ordering solution that can compete with those of the mega coffee chains. Today the Cloosiv Why is Dropbox reinventing itself? Sep 29, 2019 Greg Kumparak According to Dropbox CEO Drew Houston, 80% of the product’s users rely on it, at least partially, for work. It makes sense, then, that the company is refocusing to try and cement its spot in the Logitech acquires popular game streaming tool Streamlabs for around $89M Sep 27, 2019 Greg Kumparak If you’re into live-streaming video games, you’ve probably heard of Streamlabs. They make a popular, free software tool for overlaying content on top of whatever game you’re playing, At the sixth annual Pear Demo Day, weather balloons, branded credit cards and lots of top degrees Sep 26, 2019 Connie Loizos Greg Kumparak Pear, a Palo Alto-based seed-stage fund that has made its name through early bets on Guardant Health, DoorDash, Memebox and Gusto, hosted its sixth annual demo day this week in what proved to be a sco Dropbox will start rolling out the new Dropbox app to everyone today Sep 25, 2019 Greg Kumparak Back in June, Dropbox debuted a preview version of the “new Dropbox.” Built around a standalone app interface and focused on integrating all of your work tools (your Slack, G Suite, Zoom c Here are the 22 companies from Alchemist Accelerator’s Demo Day XXII Sep 21, 2019 Greg Kumparak Alchemist Accelerator, a startup incubator which focuses on enterprise companies, held a demo day yesterday for its 22nd batch. Each company got 5 minutes to tell a theater full of investors who they  Alchemist Accelerator is launching a European program Sep 20, 2019 Greg Kumparak Enterprise-focused startup accelerator Alchemist is expanding its footprint this morning with the launch of an initiative focused on European startups. While Alchemist was happy to accept European com Wing will test drone delivery in the US with Walgreens and FedEx Sep 19, 2019 Greg Kumparak Wing, the drone delivery company that started its life within the Google X lab before spinning out into its own thing under the Alphabet umbrella, is prepping for takeoff. The company announced this m Marissa Mayer and Alfred Lin are coming to Disrupt SF 2019 Sep 19, 2019 Greg Kumparak Twenty+ startups, each with six minutes to tell the world what they’re about. If they can prove to our panel of judges that they’re the best of the best, they’ll walk away with $100, Built Robotics raises $33M for its self-driving construction equipment Sep 19, 2019 Greg Kumparak Built Robotics, a company aiming to make construction equipment autonomous, is announcing a $33 million Series B round this morning. With the construction industry facing a global labor shortage, Buil Disney CEO Bob Iger resigns from Apple’s board of directors Sep 13, 2019 Greg Kumparak Disney CEO Bob Iger has resigned from Apple’s board of directors, according to a just-published SEC filing. Neither company has given any reason for the departure — the explanatory text of the MoviePass will shut down on September 14th Sep 13, 2019 Greg Kumparak MoviePass’ all-you-can-watch movie theater membership always seemed too good to be true. After multiple price hikes, business model changes, temporary shutdowns and raising a mountain of money l Jenna Fischer and Angela Kinsey are starting a weekly podcast about The Office Sep 11, 2019 Greg Kumparak Oh, be still my heart. It’s not The Office reunion special/season/complete series everyone wants, but it’ll do for now: Jenna Fischer (Pam) and Angela Kinsey (… Angela) are setting u Apple hid a secret message in its latest YouTube video Sep 11, 2019 Greg Kumparak Shortly after Apple's iPhone 11 event yesterday, the company posted a drastically condensed "supercut" of everything they announced. Taking the two hour event and boiling it down to a little over two  Load More 