https://techcrunch.com/author/devin-coldewey/
 Devin Coldewey – TechCrunch   Devin Coldewey Writer & Photographer Devin Coldewey is a Seattle-based writer and photographer. He first wrote for TechCrunch in 2007. He has also written for MSNBC.com, NBC News, DPReview, The Economist/GE’s Look Ahead, and others. His personal website is coldewey.cc. twitter linkedin crunchbase-alt The Latest from Devin Coldewey NASA’s new Moon-bound spacesuit is safer, smarter and much more comfortable Oct 10, 2019 Devin Coldewey The next Americans to set foot on the Moon will do so in a brand new spacesuit that's based on, but hugely improved from, the original Apollo suits that last went up there in the '70s. With easier ent Creators of modern rechargeable batteries share Nobel prize Oct 09, 2019 Devin Coldewey If you had to slip a couple AAs into your smartphone every morning to check your email, browse Instagram, and text your friends, chances are the mobile revolution would not have been quite so revoluti Senate report says Russian election interference ‘invariably’ supported Trump, recommends national PSA Oct 08, 2019 Devin Coldewey A bipartisan Senate investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election released today definitively implicates the country in online operations designed specifically to get then-candidate Don Boeing backs Virgin Galactic with strategic $20M investment Oct 08, 2019 Devin Coldewey Virgin Galactic has $20 million more to pursue its goal of space tourism with a new investment from Boeing announced this morning. The two companies are both deeply involved in human spaceflight, but  With $15M round and 100K tablets sold, reMarkable CEO wants to make tech ‘more human’ Oct 08, 2019 Devin Coldewey The reMarkable tablet is a strange device in this era of ultra-smart gadgets: A black and white screen meant for reading, writing, and sketching — and nothing more. Yet the company has sold 100,000  Trump tweet gets it wrong on net neutrality ruling Oct 07, 2019 Devin Coldewey President Trump this morning randomly addressed a recent court ruling on net neutrality, calling it a "great win" that will "lead to many big things including 5G." Perhaps he didn't read the ruling cl NASA shares 3D Moon data for CG artists and creators Oct 05, 2019 Devin Coldewey If you want to set your movie or game on the Moon, it's not hard to find imagery of our photogenic satellite. But NASA has just released a useful and beautiful new set of data just for creators that i Molecule.one uses machine learning to make synthesizing new drugs a snap Oct 02, 2019 Devin Coldewey Say you’re a pharmaceutical company. You’ve figured out that a novel molecule could be effective in treating an illness — but that molecule only exists in a simulation. How do you actual Leo Aerospace provides bespoke rocket launches — from a hot air balloon Oct 02, 2019 Devin Coldewey The demand for orbital launches is increasing steadily, and the industry is nowhere near keeping up. Leo Aerospace thinks they can help with a launch technique that's more efficient and requires far l OmniVis could save lives by detecting cholera-infected water in minutes rather than days Oct 02, 2019 Devin Coldewey Clean drinking water is one of the most urgent needs in developing countries and disaster-stricken areas, but safety tests can take days — during which tainted water can infect thousands. OmniVis ai Court says FCC’s ‘unhinged’ net neutrality repeal can’t stop state laws Oct 01, 2019 Devin Coldewey The FCC’s repeal of net neutrality rules has been significantly weakened by a federal appeals court, which ruled that the Commission could not preempt state laws like those pending in California Rocket Lab launch switcheroo shows the flexibility of the new orbital economy Sep 30, 2019 Devin Coldewey New Zealand-based launch provider Rocket Lab has announced its next commercial mission, "As The Crow Flies," taking an Astro Digital satellite to orbit in October. Interestingly, this launch originall As vape lung death toll mounts, CDC investigators warn against ‘informal’ THC sources Sep 27, 2019 Devin Coldewey At least a dozen people have died of an acute lung condition related to vaping, and while officials aren't ready to pin it on any one chemical or brand, they are warning that many of the patients repo DARPA aims to make networks 100 times speedier with FastNIC Sep 26, 2019 Devin Coldewey Having a slow connection is always frustrating, but just imagine how supercomputers feel. All those cores doing all kinds of processing at lightning speed, but in the end they're all waiting on an out Ears-on with Amazon’s new Echo earbuds, framebuds, and ringbud Sep 25, 2019 Devin Coldewey Amazon announced more than a few devices today during an event at its headquarters in Seattle, and it was the smallest gadgets that made the biggest impression. The company built Alexa into earbuds, g Trump impeachment could derail administration’s maneuvers in tech Sep 24, 2019 Devin Coldewey Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi announced official impeachment proceedings against President Trump today, and while the approaching political fracas may not be directly tech-related, it could have s Boston Dynamics puts its robotic quadruped Spot up for sale Sep 24, 2019 Devin Coldewey Since the days of BigDog, the quadrupedal robots of Boston Dynamics have impressed and repelled us. But while the early, bulky robots never felt like something we’d see in real life, the company Take cover, it’s a drone with a nail gun! Sep 20, 2019 Devin Coldewey The FAA has warned against equipping your drone with weapons such as flamethrowers and handguns. But can a nail gun really be considered a weapon — that is, outside of Quake? Let's hope not, because Is that supplement safe to take? This AI tool scours research to find out Sep 19, 2019 Devin Coldewey Dietary supplements are used by millions who accept the occasionally scarce evidence they help out with some condition or another. But also scarce is documentation of potential harmful interactions wi ‘Link’s Awakening’ remake is a classic well worth revisiting Sep 19, 2019 Devin Coldewey We’re all well aware that Nintendo is a nostalgia hound, capitalizing on its rich history to keep today’s gamers on board with its sometimes derivative but always lovingly crafted offering Load More 