https://techcrunch.com/author/matthew-panzarino/
 Matthew Panzarino – TechCrunch   Matthew Panzarino Editor-in-Chief Matthew Panzarino has been a retail jockey, founded a professional photography business and a news blog covering the Apple  ecosystem. He has served as News Editor and Managing Editor at The Next Web and is now Editor-In-Chief at TechCrunch. He has made a name for himself in the tech media world as a writer and editor, relentlessly covering Apple and Twitter, in addition to a broad range of startups in the fields of robotics, computer vision, AI, fashion, VR, AR and more. Owns shares in ETFs. Contact Matthew at matthew@techcrunch.com PGP Key: https://keybase.io/panzer twitter linkedin crunchbase-alt The Latest from Matthew Panzarino Apple rolls out new Siri audio clip grading opt-in and request history deletion feature in beta Oct 10, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Apple is rolling out a new opt-in notice for Siri audio sample review with the beta of iOS 13.2. This new opt-in feature was promised back in August after reports that audio from Siri requests were be Apple launches Deep Fusion feature in beta on iPhone 11 and iPhone 11 Pro Oct 01, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Update 5:02 PM PT: Developer beta containing Deep Fusion will not ship today after all. No date announced; just “coming.” Apple is launching an early look at its new Deep Fusion feature on Review: The iPhone 11 Pro and iPhone 11 do Disneyland after dark Sep 17, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Let’s get this out of the way right up front: iPhone 11’s Night Mode is great. It works, it compares extremely well to other low-light cameras and the exposure and color rendition is best in class I hope Apple Arcade makes room for weird, cool shit Sep 16, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Apple Arcade seems purpose-built to make room in the market for beautiful, sad, weird, moving, slow, clever and heartfelt. All things that the action, shooter and MOBA-driven major market of games has Apple tweaks App Store rule changes for children’s apps and sign-in services Sep 12, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Originally announced in June, changes to Apple’s App Store policies on its Sign in with Apple service and the rules around children’s app categories are being tweaked. New apps must comply right a Live from Apple’s iPhone 11 event Sep 10, 2019 Brian Heater Matthew Panzarino The moment is finally here, Apple fans. This morning at 10AM PT/1PM ET, the company will unveil the latest version of the iPhone. You can read up on all of the latest rumors here (or watch this handy  Apple is turning Siri audio clip review off by default and bringing it in house Aug 28, 2019 Matthew Panzarino The top line news is that Apple is making changes to the way that Siri audio review, or “grading,” works across all of its devices. First, it is making audio review an explicitly opt-in pr Apple rolls out Apple Card Preview to select users Aug 06, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Apple Card is getting its first group of public test users today. A limited amount of customers that signed up to be notified about the release of Apple Card are getting the ability to apply for the c Apple suspends Siri response grading in response to privacy concerns Aug 01, 2019 Matthew Panzarino In response to concerns raised by a Guardian story last week over how recordings of Siri queries are used for quality control, Apple is suspending the program world wide. Apple says it will review the AI photo editor FaceApp goes viral again on iOS, raises questions about photo library access Jul 16, 2019 Matthew Panzarino FaceApp. So. The app has gone viral again after first doing so two years ago or so. The effect has gotten better but these apps, like many other one-off viral apps, tend to come and go in waves driven The Great Hack was one of the wildest movies I saw at Sundance Jul 11, 2019 Matthew Panzarino The trailer is out for Netflix doc The Great Hack, an early cut of which was screened at Sundance this year. I saw that cut during the fest and it was one of the wildest of a second wave of films tryi Apple disables Walkie Talkie app due to vulnerability that could allow iPhone eavesdropping Jul 10, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Apple has disabled the Apple Watch Walkie Talkie app due to an unspecified vulnerability that could allow a person to listen to another customer’s iPhone without consent, the company told TechCrunch Superbacklash Jul 02, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Hot startup Superhuman has been getting some backlash, as often happens when someone notices the precise methodology that a startup is using to enable a core feature. We’re well into stage 2 now Apple Sans Ive Jul 02, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Well, this has been interesting. After almost 30 years with Apple, Jony Ive is leaving to found his own firm, LoveFrom, with his friend and frequent collaborator Marc Newson — also leaving Apple . T NTWRK moves into live IRL events Jun 26, 2019 Matthew Panzarino NTWRK, is a fascinating experiment in live video shopping for the iPhone set. It’s been described as a blend of QVC and Twitter and Twitch and they just got a new slice of money from investors l Apple will soon require apps with any third-party logins to offer Sign In With Apple also Jun 03, 2019 Brian Heater Matthew Panzarino Something from the fine print out of today’s WWDC keynote. Sign In With Apple didn’t get a ton of time on-stage today, but it should prove a nice new feature for the company — and for those conc Live from WWDC 2019 Jun 03, 2019 Brian Heater Matthew Panzarino Greetings from sunny San Jose. Apple’s annual World Wide Developers Conference officially kicks off this morning at the McEnery Convention Center with a big keynote. While the rest of the week i I flew the Millennium Falcon and it was good May 29, 2019 Matthew Panzarino After visiting Star Wars: Galaxy’s Edge several months ago to report on how it was built, I came back on the eve of it opening to the public to try out its first marquee attraction: flying the Mille Apple announces new MacBook Pros with a keyboard fix, oh, and more powerful processors May 21, 2019 Matthew Panzarino Apple is updating its 15” MacBook Pro with new 8-core and 6-core processors and its 13” MacBook Pro with Touch Bar with 8th-gen quad-core processors. Apple says that these boosts mean the 15” Ma Apple CEO Tim Cook talks WWDC student program, coding initiatives and SAP May 10, 2019 Matthew Panzarino For the past few years, Apple has been inviting student developers to attend its WWDC conference, which centers on development topics and software. A few students from this year’s batch are getting  Load More 